CardView: describe API (part 1, toolbar and selection) (#7334)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxCardView/3 Methods/selectCards(keys_preserve).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Selects cards with specific keys.

##### param(keys): Array<any>
The card keys.

##### param(preserve): Boolean

> Specifies whether previously selected cards should stay selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether selected cards should remain selected.
```

---

> This method call removes the selection of previously selected rows. To maintain their selection, use `true` as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method clears selected rows. To maintain their selection, use `true` as the second argument.
```
